README.md, before:

# histolab box
### histolab ready-to-use (batteries included) through Vagrant

## Installation and Usage
### Mac OSX (brew)

Install virtualbox

```
$ brew cask install virtualbox
```

Install vagrant

```
$ brew cask install vagrant
```

[Download histolab-box](https://github.com/histolab/histolab-box/archive/master.zip)

```
$ unzip histolab-box-master.zip
$ cd histolab-box-master
$ vagrant up
```

Go to http://localhost:8888 on your browser and checkout the example notebooks

### Ubuntu Linux

Install virtualbox

```
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install virtualbox
```

Install vagrant

```
$ curl -O https://releases.hashicorp.com/vagrant/2.2.9/vagrant_2.2.9_x86_64.deb
$ sudo apt install ./vagrant_2.2.9_x86_64.deb
```
[Download histolab-box](https://github.com/histolab/histolab-box/archive/master.zip)

```
$ unzip histolab-box-master.zip
$ cd histolab-box-master
$ vagrant up
```
Go to http://localhost:8888 on your browser and checkout the example notebooks

### Windows

Install virtualbox

- Download virtualbox from https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads

Install Vagrant

- Download vagrant from https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html

Once the installation process is complete, you can verify it by running the following command into a Command Prompt:

```
vagrant
```

If the console shows the available commands, then the installation is correct. If not, Vagrant was not installed or VirtualBox is not present.

[Download histolab-box](https://github.com/histolab/histolab-box/archive/master.zip)

Extract the archive and using the shell enter into the extracted directory

```
$ cd histolab-box-master
$ vagrant up
```
Go to http://localhost:8888 on your browser and checkout the example notebooks

Commit message:

brief description of what's included in the repo

README.md, after:

# histolab box
### histolab ready-to-use (batteries included) through Vagrant

Thir repo contains a `Vagrantfile` with the whole histolab environment. It inludes all the dependecies as well as jupyter notebook server with some example notebooks.

## Installation and Usage
### Mac OSX (brew)

Install virtualbox

```
$ brew cask install virtualbox
```

Install vagrant

```
$ brew cask install vagrant
```

[Download histolab-box](https://github.com/histolab/histolab-box/archive/master.zip)

```
$ unzip histolab-box-master.zip
$ cd histolab-box-master
$ vagrant up
```

Go to http://localhost:8888 on your browser and checkout the example notebooks

### Ubuntu Linux

Install virtualbox

```
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install virtualbox
```

Install vagrant

```
$ curl -O https://releases.hashicorp.com/vagrant/2.2.9/vagrant_2.2.9_x86_64.deb
$ sudo apt install ./vagrant_2.2.9_x86_64.deb
```
[Download histolab-box](https://github.com/histolab/histolab-box/archive/master.zip)

```
$ unzip histolab-box-master.zip
$ cd histolab-box-master
$ vagrant up
```
Go to http://localhost:8888 on your browser and checkout the example notebooks

### Windows

Install virtualbox

- Download virtualbox from https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads

Install Vagrant

- Download vagrant from https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html

Once the installation process is complete, you can verify it by running the following command into a Command Prompt:

```
vagrant
```

If the console shows the available commands, then the installation is correct. If not, Vagrant was not installed or VirtualBox is not present.

[Download histolab-box](https://github.com/histolab/histolab-box/archive/master.zip)

Extract the archive and using the shell enter into the extracted directory

```
$ cd histolab-box-master
$ vagrant up
```
Go to http://localhost:8888 on your browser and checkout the example notebooks
